.net QnA PDF Starts - 1766812780127
Zero to Mastery
 - Delegate Regarding QnA
 - Async Await

Intermediate QnA Starts
DI and Generics - Repeats the same
Moving on LINQ
IEnumerable, IQuerable and LIST
Extension methods in C#
What is reflection in C#? - More to focus
Revision
Generics and DI
Middleware
Finalize, Dispose, AsyncStream
Design Patters
Task and Thread
reflection, Boxing and Unboxing
Performance Optimization in .Net
Span<T> and Memory<T>
Authentication and Authorization
Value Task in C#
How EFCore works in .Net
CLR in .Net
Difference between frameworks
Revision in ZTM
New Questionbank Strarted
Purpose and Use of .csproj file in .Net core project
What is the runtime and SDK in .NET Core?
8. How would you manage different versions of the .NET Core SDK on the same machine?
You can use global.json files and specify the version of the .NET SDK you wish to target within a project. When you run .net build or .net run in a directory that contains a global.json file, the SDK version specified in that file takes precedence over any other installed versions.

Here is a code snippet showing how to write a global.json file:

{
  "sdk": {
    "version": "2.1.402"
  }
}
What is the purpose of the global.json file?
Global SDK vs. Local SDK
Explain the role of the NuGet package manager.
Describe the process of publishing a .NET Core application.
When publishing a .NET Core application, you compile it and its dependencies for deployment. .NET Core supports various publishing methods and configurations to cater to your specific requirements.

Various Publishing Methods
1 - Framework-Dependent: Publishes the app without the .NET Core runtime. It indicates which version to use on the target system. The app will only run on systems with matching or newer .NET Core runtimes.

2 - Self-Contained: Packages the app with the .NET Core runtime, allowing it to run on systems without an existing .NET Core installation.

3 - Portable: Typically suitable for use-cases like USB flash or external drives.

4 - Ready-To-Run: Optimizes the app startup time by pre-compiling specific libraries to native code. RTR has the added benefit of being useful for promoting cross-gen and unification common. Thus, RTR Is the default for these modes vs traditional JIT.

What is a .NET Standard and how does it relate to .NET Core?
OOP from DevInterview